the benefits of pet therapy we
talk about his listening it's funny that you
puts it in context like that because
yes I wanted to talk about the benefits of
liquid nitrogen but more than anything
did I want to praise the
animals that we merge well even if
you can use the term pet therapy
but it's mostly the fact that cursed
sometimes it feels good to have a
animal in his life and then actually less
the reason I want to talk
today because I do not want
bad but not because even when
I was younger but issued by is
allergic that we stole my could
has aged well I have always dreamed
to have a china I said no I
do not have to shit because I have
embedded in the skate of the toy did not
no when it's okay I sell language
German and finally what context is going us
lend because we see a job more stable and
a given moment by force of always
give it back at some point that brings you
in the city of nowhere and then that
political march until I
meets an extraordinary woman who
came with a package if I allow myself
of skiing which is a labrador pitbull
of 60 beds may think she passed
beautiful lady the vilenies the show at the
back then and I fell
completely mad gaga lovers of this
dog I think to her too if we
look at the fa ba yes we love each other very much
we are two friends I became his dad
of adoption at the e10 is obviously that a
everything is a whole in a second other
playing marquee putting a uncle
bearded lizard this nasty beast a pretty
brown as to the bearded dragons but that's
yes, but it's a little strange me in
my collar already has his request that what has
done with a dragon barbules message so
I get mail and we
have taught us lots of things for
I know that you had your bring to
4 pm Caesar exactly but just
to say by all and by all
bearded dragon cantons twitter and learned
yes it's my little king there he sees
so slowly then auxerre and then the
let their king of Asia exactly
it's on a lamppost not right
since I wanted to say since everything
what ever since I got it's
at the other to know passionate people and years
as I am I threw myself into
learning canine psychology
to better understand them and obviously
who says canine psychology says Caesar
millan
for those who do not know it's
in thousand years Caesar is the reference to
world among others must coach
maybe you did not know but oprah
winfrey and his oil and licked tom
cruise jaden smith at the game named after
it does not end it is the man of
men the leader of the night pack understands
really very very well licked enough
fascinating me I stuffed myself with his
books of his videos on youtube of his
emissions because we call the man
who whisper in the ear of dogs who
is the man who whispered in his ear
horses the dumpster and its
men he taught several things
on the dogs which in addition
teach me things about me but
it's true that I want to pass them
because it's worth it show yes the
first thing I notice is that
a dog goes first and foremost
understand
before you physically lie to him
by the voice he will understand your energy
but nec energy the universe is made
in energy and therefore the tensions that you
doors your dog they feel
directly and adapts according to
it turns out that a nice parallel in
the daily that tensions that goes
carry with other human beings they
are going to feel their denials and to
that moment will adapt to adapt to
So you not that your attention
the second thing is that in the
pack it's either you're commenting on
August on chip how to tame the head of
the pack where you followed then what is
very interesting in there is that
this week just to take the
responsibility for your happiness so as
with your figure to the responsibility says
I will become the leader of the beast pack
can become in your next step the
leader of your life already taking
responsibility in another thing
interesting also from Caesar and 10 actually
peace with the dog be so if he
say among others that is dominated by a
cheese these biases it's correction
recent safety downhill it's
powerful devices a link in there
because dominance equals security and
galp and so made peace with tik tok
and decides to change just do
fly sweets like I'm sapiens who
are made to be leader and a
focus made to be with autonomous
piano that are made to do
other things in a year
to accept himself which he basically
the parallels that can be done me I
think no
these are our mails and our numbers m for
domenech
but thank you very much